♪♪ It seems today
that all you see ♪♪
♪♪ Is violence in movies
and sex on TV ♪♪
♪♪ But where are those good
old-fashioned values ♪♪
♪♪ On which we used to rely? ♪♪
♪♪ Lucky there's a family guy ♪♪
♪♪ Lucky there's a man who
positively can do ♪♪
♪♪ All the things
that make us ♪♪
♪♪ Laugh and cry ♪♪
♪♪ He's...
a... fam... ily... guy! ♪♪
( heavy sigh :
I'M IN A RUT.
NOTHING THRILLS
ME ANYMORE.
I MEAN, I CAN'T EVEN
THINK OF A REASON
TO GET OFF THE BED
IN THE MORNING.
REALLY.
YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW PATHETIC
MY LIFE IS?
I-I'VE SEEN
THAT BEHIND THE MUSIC
WITH LEIF GARRETT
18 TIMES.
Hey, uh... hey, Leif.
It's been a while.
Too long, man.
( mouthing words ):
I'm so sorry about everything, man.
Friend:
Ready for a bombshell?
You saved my
life that night.
Leif: But-but I was driving. I...
I was on a road to
destruction, man.
The accident may have
crippled me, but I'm alive, aren't I?
Ca... can we turn off
the cameras, dude?
IT'S LIKE I'M...
I DON'T KNOW, TRAPPED
IN MY OWN LIFE.
WELL, BRIAN, YOU MAY BE
TOO INWARDLY FOCUSED.
TRY THINKING ABOUT
THE NEEDS OF OTHERS FOR A CHANGE.
WHY DON'T YOU DO
SOME VOLUNTEER WORK?
OH, THAT MAKES SENSE--
VOLUNTEER WORK.
THANKS, BRUCE.
YOU STILL HAVE
13 MORE MINUTES.
OH, DO I? HMM.
I, UH, I NOTICE
YOU GOT A NEW RECEPTIONIST.
( chuckles ):
NICE LITTLE BODY ON HER, HUH?
THAT'S MY DAUGHTER.
WELL, WE COULD PROBABLY CALL THIS
AN EARLY DAY, HUH?
ATTENTION, EVERYONE.
DUE TO SEVERAL COMPLAINTS
ON THE TWO DEATHS
RELATED TO WORKER FATIGUE
I HAVE DECIDED TO THROW
A COMPANY PICNIC THIS SATURDAY.
HEY, DEREK, HOW YOU
GETTING TO THE PICNIC?
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T HAVE A RIDE.
HEY, JOHN, YOU GOT
A TWO-SEATER, DON'T YOU?
HEY, DEREK, MAYBE YOU
GO WITH JOHN, HUH? HUH?
FOR THE LAST TIME,
I'M NOT GAY.
THANKS ANYWAY, PETER.
HEY, WE'LL GET HIM.
HERE, RIGHT THIS WAY.
WATCH YOUR STEP.
OKAY, THEY'RE...
THEY'RE IN THE WOODS...
THE CAMERA
KEEPS ON MOVING...
UH, I THINK THEY'RE LOOKING
FOR SOME WITCH OR SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOW,
I WASN'T LISTENING.
NOTHING'S HAPPENING...
SOMETHING ABOUT A MAP...
IT'S OVER.
A LOT OF PEOPLE
IN THE AUDIENCE LOOK PISSED.
NOW, REMEMBER, CHRIS,
WE HAVE TO WORK TOGETHER
SO THAT OUR STEPS...
( laughing )
( screaming )
AW, THIS
IS MY FAVORITE EVENT--
CATCH THE GREASED-UP
DEAF GUY.
GO!
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA
CATCH ME!
YOU'RE WASTING
YOUR TIME.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
GO DO SOMETHING ELSE.
SEE YOU NEXT YEAR!
KING ME.
I DON'T WANT TO PLAY
ANYMORE.
THE PAIN.
I CAN'T LIVE LIKE THIS,
BRIAN.
I NEED YOU
TO PULL THE PLUG.
( beeping )
WELL, I... I...
I CAN'T! I...
( weakly ):
BE MY ANGEL AND SET ME FREE.
PLEASE?
( beeping )
OH, MY GOD!
YOU WERE REALLY
GOING TO DO IT!
I... BUT...
YOU-YOU...
NURSE! THIS DOG
IS TRYING TO KILL ME!
NURSE!
YOU ARE TWISTED, LADY.
YOU HEAR ME?
YOU ARE SCREWED UP
IN THE HEAD.
THE WINNER OF OUR FINAL CONTEST
WILL RECEIVE
A VERY SPECIAL PRIZE--
A WEEK'S PAID VACATION.
( cheering )
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
OH, GOD, PLEASE
LET IT BE FIGHTING.
BE LET IT BE A
FIGHT CONTEST.
THESE ARE TRANQUILIZER DARTS.
I HAVE ENOUGH HERE
TO TAKE DOWN ROBERT DOWNEY, JR.
( laughing )
( sympathetic moans )
YES, WELL...
THE LAST ONE LEFT STANDING WINS.
LET THE GAME BEGIN!
( clamoring )
ALL RIGHT!
WHOO!
ALL RIGHT, PETER!
LOOK AT HIM-- HE RUNS
LIKE A WELSHMAN.
DOESN'T HE?
DOESN'T HE RUN
LIKE A WELSHMAN?
HEY, THERE, BRIAN.
HI, JOE.
( sniffing )
HEY, BONNIE MAKING
CHICKEN MARSALA TONIGHT?
NO. SHE MADE THAT
THREE NIGHTS AGO.
WOW, THAT'S SOME NOSE
YOU'VE GOT.
YEAH, ONE TIME IT ALMOST
GOT ME A SPOKESMAN DEAL.
"FOLLOW YOUR NOSE.
FOLLOW YOUR NOSE."
( snickering )
OH, I'M SORRY.
NO, THAT WAS GOOD.
I JUST, I DIDN'T THINK YOU WERE GOING
TO GO SO CARTOONY WITH IT.
WELL, HOW-HOW-HOW
WOULD YOU READ IT?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
I WAS THINKING
OF DOING IT
YOU KNOW, GOOD,
LIKE AN ACTOR.
BUT, YOU KNOW, YOUR
WAY IS GOOD, TOO.
YOU KNOW, WE COULD USE
A NOSE LIKE THAT
DOWN AT THE PRECINCT.
REALLY?
( panting ): I GUESS IT'S JUST DOWN
TO YOU AND ME, PETER.
ONE OF US IS GOING TO
WIN THAT PAID VACATION.
BUT I-I DON'T WANT
TO FEED GRANDMA BACON
WHILE SHE'S
IN THE BATHTUB.
PETER, ARE YOU OKAY?
MR. WEED, I THINK PETER
NEEDS A DOC-- OOH!
WE HAVE A WINNER.
HERE, KITTY, KITTY,
KITTY, KITTY.
NO DRUGS...
SHE'S GOOD...
HE'S CLEAN.
WELL, LOOKS LIKE THAT'S IT,
EXCEPT FOR THE FLIGHT CREW.
HEY, HEY, BRIAN.
WHAT'S WITH THE JOHNNY LAW
ROUTINE?
SAY HELLO
TO OUR NEWEST NARC.
HE'S A NATURAL.
OH, YEAH?
HOW-HOW GOOD ARE YOU?
( sniffing )
YOU'RE BACK
FROM MANILA.
YOU HAD LUMPIA
FOR DINNER.
THEN YOU MADE LOVE
TO TWO FILIPINO WOMEN.
( sniffing ):
AND A MAN.
YOU MEAN THREE
FILIPINO WOMEN.
NO!
( sniffing )
WAIT A SECOND.
GOT SOMETHING!
THIS COULD BE
THE REAL DEAL, BOYS.
LET'S DO IT!
DON'T MOVE, DIRTBAG!
( sniffing ):
IT'S COKE!
YES! ALL RIGHT!
WE GOT HIM!
THIS IS GREAT!
AH, THIS IS THE RUSH
I BEEN LOOKING FOR.
GOOD WORK, BRIAN.
UH, YOU STILL
GOT A LITTLE, UH...
OH! OH, THANKS.
( sniffling )
SO, PETER, WHERE SHOULD
WE GO FOR YOUR WEEK OFF?
WELL, I-I-I WAS THINKING
WE COULD ALL GO TO PURGATORY
LIKE WE DID LAST YEAR?
THIS ISN'T BAD.
IT'S NOT THAT GOOD,
BUT IT'S NOT THAT BAD.
IT'S SO-SO.
EH, MORE OR LESS.
HEY, HEY, BRIAN--
IF COPS ARE PIGS
DOES THAT MAKE YOU
A SNAUSAGE?
( laughing )
CLEVER, PETER.
DID YOU STAY UP ALL
NIGHT WRITING THAT?
NO, I GOT TO BED
AROUND 2:00, 2:30.
YOU KNOW WHAT JOE
SAID THE STREET VALUE
OF THAT COCAINE WOULD'VE BEEN?
UH, LET'S SEE--
4½ KILOS UNCUT NICARAGUAN.
UH, $1.7 MILL? THAT AREA?
UH, YEAH.
THAT'S... THAT'S...
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU GUYS!
BRIAN'S FAMOUS!
Lois:
YOU'RE A HERO!
Peter:
WAY TO GO, PAL.
OH, COME ON.
STOP IT, YOU GUYS.
IT'S NOTHING, REALLY.
( sniffing )
OH, LOIS, YOUR TOAST
IS READY.
WOW.
OH, MY!
WELL!
UH, MEG'S USING
A NEW CONDITIONER.
HE'S RIGHT!
Peter: HOW DO YOU
LIKE THAT?
THAT'S AMAZING.
AND IT'S TIME
TO CHANGE STEWIE.
WELL, THAT'S PREPOSTEROUS.
I HAVEN'T-- THERE IT IS.
HOORAY!
ALL RIGHT.
STOP THE CAR!
( tires screeching)
OVER THERE.
EVERYBODY FREEZE!
THIS IS A BUST!
( all gasping )
UH, BRIAN, THIS IS A
SUNDAY SCHOOL CLASS.
THE HELL IT IS.
PURE BOGOTA BULLION.
THIS IS A DRUG RING.
BUT THESE ARE JUST KIDS.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
( deep voice : RICKY.
THEY'RE NOT KIDS,
THEY'RE MIDGETS.
FILTHY DRUG-PEDDLING
MIDGETS.
Joe:
OH, MY GOD!
LOOK OUT, BRIAN!
NICE WORK, ROOKIE.
YOU'RE A CREDIT
TO THE FORCE.
ADDITIONAL GENERIC
COP COMPLIMENT, BRIAN.
HA! THANKS.
BUT THE REAL HERO HERE IS GOD
FOR BLESSING ME
WITH THIS NOSE
AND A FEW OTHER EQUALLY
AMAZING APPENDAGES.
( all razzing )
( laughing )
WELL, I BETTER TAKE THIS COCAINE
DOWN TO EVIDENCE.
OH, UH, HEY,
I'LL-I'LL DO THAT.
UH, I'LL CATCH UP
WITH YOU GUYS AT THE PUB.
SO IT'S SETTLED.
WE'RE TAKING A CRUISE
TO THE BAHAMAS.
AW, THIS IS GONNA BE GREAT.
CRUISES ARE THE BEST.
AND LOOK, IT SAYS WE HAVE
OUR CHOICE OF CABINS--
PORT OR STARBOARD.
HA! LISTEN TO ME.
I SOUND LIKE
AN OLD SALT.
( laughing )
( mocking laughter)
YES, THOUGH, I MUST SAY
I'VE ALWAYS DREAMED
OF A LIFE AT SEA.
( Gilbert and Sullivan
intro plays )
♪♪ I'M THE GREATEST CAPTAIN
OF THE QUEEN'S NAVY ♪♪
♪♪ AND YOUR RECORD
WILL STAND AS PROOF ♪♪
♪♪ BE IT GALLEY OR A FREIGHTER,
I'M AN EXPERT NAVIGATOR ♪♪
♪♪ AND YOU'RE ALSO
A WORLD-CLASS POOF ♪♪
♪♪ MY MANNER, QUITE EFFETE,
IS MISTAKEN ON THE STREET ♪♪
♪♪ FOR A SAILOR
WHO CAN PIROUETTE ON CUE ♪
♪♪ WELL, DESPITE
YOUR POINT OF VIEW ♪♪
♪♪ I CAN THRILL
A GIRL OR TWO... ♪♪
♪♪ BUT I'D RATHER GET IT ON
WITH YOU ♪♪
♪♪ HA, HA, HA! ♪♪
( music continues and ends)
( door closes )
SORRY TO BE TARDY
TO THE PARTY.
WOW, BRIAN, HAVE
YOU LOST WEIGHT?
YOU'VE GOT TO TELL
ME YOUR SECRET.
HERE'S A HINT:
PUT DOWN THE FORK!
FACE!
SO, HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
MY DAY?
UN-FREAKIN'-BELIEVEABLE.
FIRST-FIRST, WE NAILED
THIS BASTARD
WHO HAD THE GALL TO HIDE HIS
STUFF IN HIS DAUGHTER'S DOLL.
HER DOLL, FOR GOD'S SAKE!
( draws deeply )
OH, WHERE'S THE LINE
ANYMORE?
WELL, I GOT NEWS FOR YOU--
IT-IT-IT-IT'S NOT EVEN
ON THE RADAR SCREEN!
THE DAYS OF DECENCY
AND VIRTUE ARE GONE, HONEY.
BAM! FREAKIN' EVAPORATED
LIKE A DINGY, STINKIN'
MUD PUDDLE.
ONE-ONE DAY, YOU-YOU SEE
YOUR REFLECTION IN IT
AND THE NEXT DAY,
IT'S, UH, A...
IT'S, UH, IT'S A DAMN OIL SPOT
ON YOUR CRACKED DRIVEWAY
STARING BACK AT YOU,
MOCKING YOU
"BLAH, BLAH, BLAH!"
KNOWING THE PERVERTED TRUTH
WOULD ROT IN THE PIT
OF YOUR SOUL.
THAT'S HOW MY FREAKIN' DAY WAS.
YOU KNOW WHAT I HAVEN'T
HAD IN A WHILE?
BIG LEAGUE CHEW.
( bell ringing )
SO, TAKE IT FROM ME,
McGRIFFIN, THE DRUG DOG
IF YOU REALLY WANT TO GET HIGH,
IT'S AS EASY AS BEING YOURSELF.
WELL, KIDS, I'M GOING
TO PASS THINGS OFF NOW TO...
GERALD, THE HAPPY AND ABSTINENT
POLICE CLOWN.
HEY, KIDS,
YOU KNOW WHY I'M HAPPY?
'CAUSE I'M FREE OF "S...
"T...
Ds."
THAT McGRIFFIN GUY
WAS SO COOL.
TOTALLY. I'M NEVER
DOING DRUGS NOW.
( shuddering )
GOT MILK?
( hysterical laughter )
NOW, CHRIS,
BEFORE YOU GO ON A CRUISE
YOU GOT TO BUILD UP
A BASE TAN.
BUT, DAD, I HEARD
THAT IF YOU USE TANNING BEDS
YOU CAN GET SOMETHING
CALLED MELANOMA.
OH, THAT'S JUST FANCY TALK
FOR "SEXIFIED." CLIMB IN.
( high-pitched whine )
HEY, WHAT KIND OF
TANNING BOOTH IS THIS?
CAN'T YOU READ?
THOSE AREN'T TANNING BOOTHS.
THAT WHOLE ROW
IS TIME MACHINES.
AW, CRAP, WHERE
THE HELL IS HE?
Chris:
HEY, DAD, I'M IN THE BIBLE DAYS
AND THERE'S A WHOLE STADIUM
OF PEOPLE CLAPPING FOR ME.
OH, LOOK, MY VERY OWN LION.
OH, MY GOD!
( growling)
HUH... MUST'VE GOT
THE WRONG HEAD.
AND NOW, HERE'S
SOMETHING WE HOPE YOU'LL REALLY LIKE.
WHOA, BRIAN, THERE'S NO SMOKING
IN THE TERMINAL.
HEY, HEY, THERE'S WORSE THINGS
THAN NICOTINE, PAL
AND I'M GOING TO FIND THEM.
( with Irish accent ):
AH, PATIENCE, LAD.
IT TOOK DEAR
ST. PATRICK MORE THAN A DAY
TO CLEAR THE EMERALD
ISLE OF SNAKES.
OH, CAN THE IRISH CRAP,
WILL YOU, HOROWITZ?
( normal voice ):
OKAY.
OPEN IT!
AH, LET ME GO!
HELP! HELP!
( sniffing )
ALL RIGHT, WHERE'S THE STASH?
I'LL DO A FREAKING
BODY CAVITY SEARCH, I SWEAR.
( yelling )
( sniffing )
SIR, WE APOLOGIZE.
( yelling)
THERE'S NO EASY WAY TO SAY THIS:
I THINK YOU HAVE A DRUG PROBLEM.
A DRUG PROBLEM?
WHAT'S THIS REALLY
ABOUT, JEALOUSY?
AM I STEALING
YOUR THUNDER, JOE, IS THAT IT?
GIVE ME YOUR BADGE.
FINE! BY THE
WAY, HOROWITZ
YOU SHOULD SHOW JOE
YOUR IMPRESSION OF HIM.
OH, WELL, NOT, I...
IT'S NOT AS GOOD AS,
YOU KNOW, MY IRISH COP.
IT'S JUST A
LITTLE THING I...
LOOK AT ME, I'M JOE.
MY LEGS DON'T WORK
BUT I MAKE UP FOR IT
BY HAVING A VERY STRONG UPPER BODY.
WELL, I DO SAY THAT.
OH, THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA.
I SEE YOU'RE GETTING
IN THE MOOD FOR OUR CRUISE.
YEAH, STUPID FISHERMAN...
SITTING OUT THERE ON A BOAT
YAMMERING TO HIMSELF.
HE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW
I'M WATCHING HIM.
AH, SPLENDID.
FIDO McCOKE FIEND IS HOME.
EVERYBODY, THIS IS TINA.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
HEY, HOW ABOUT
A LITTLE LESS QUESTIONS
AND A LITTLE MORE
SHUT THE HELL UP.
YOU KNOW, JUST BECAUSE
YOU CAN'T FEEL YOUR TEETH
DOESN'T MEAN THE GIRL
CAN'T FEEL YOUR INSULTS.
HELLO, I'M LOIS GRIFFIN.
WELCOME TO OUR HOME.
SO, WHAT? SHE'S, LIKE,
YOUR MOM OR SOMETHING?
( hysterical laughter)
( goofy laughter )
TINA, CAN I GET YOU
A WARM WASHCLOTH
TO WIPE THE DRIED BLOOD
FROM UNDER YOUR NOSE?
HERE, BABY, I'LL SHOW
YOU THE CHANNEL LOIS DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT.
BRIAN, WOULD YOU...?
CHRIS, LOOK AWAY.
MEG, TAKE
STEWIE UPSTAIRS.
WAIT, THAT MAN SEEMS
TO HAVE SUFFERED
A RATHER SERIOUS
SNAKEBITE.
BRIAN, WOULD YOU PLEASE ASK
YOUR NEW FRIEND TO LEAVE NOW.
OH, SORRY, THINGS GETTING
A LITTLE TOO REAL
FOR THE STEPFORD WIFE?
AND LOOK AT YOU TWO--
QUASIMODO AND LUMPY.
I LEAVE MORE PERSONALITY
IN TIGHTLY COILED PILES
ON THE LAWN.
OH, DO ME. DO ME NEXT!
COME ON, BABY GIRL,
LET'S GO TO THE PARK.
( door opens )
HEY, DOC, WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOUR FAMILY HAS SOMETHING
THEY'D LIKE TO SAY TO YOU.
"BRIAN, I KNOW
I DON'T SPEAK UP MUCH
AND IT'S REALLY HARD FOR ME TO
TALK ABOUT MY FEELINGS, BUT..."
WHY DON'T WE START WITH SOMEONE
MORE INTERESTING? PETER?
( clears throat )
"BRIAN, EVER SINCE YOUR
ADDICTION, YOU'VE BEEN A JERK.
I MISS THE GOOD OLD DAYS
WHEN YOU WERE MY SIDEKICK."
AH, SO SHE HATED MY TIE
UNTIL I TOLD HER IT WAS MADE
OUT OF 100% BUTTOFUOCO FIBER.
( audience laughing )
AH, YUP, YUP.
( nonsensical sounds )
HEY, UH, BRIAN,
HOW ABOUT A LITTLE TIE MUSIC.
♪♪ PETER'S TIE, PETER'S TIE ♪♪
♪♪ THAT'S BECAUSE
PETER'S THE GUY. ♪♪
ALL RIGHT, THERE IT IS--
A LITTLE TIE MUSIC.
( audience laughing )
( giggling )
LOOK, YOU-YOU GUYS
GOT IT ALL WRONG.
I-I-I...
OH, I'M SO SORRY, EVERYONE!
OH, GOD, I NEED HELP.
( sobbing )
WELL, I GUESS NOW WE KNOW
WHAT KIND OF DOG HE IS--
A MELAN-COLLIE.
( laughing )
( laughter trails off )
NOTHING?
OH, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
NO, I SHOULD'VE SAID...
I SHOULD'VE SAID, "CHI-WAH-WAH."
( laughing )
I DON'T HAVE
TO ( bleep ) IMPRESS YOU.
LOOK, I'M NOT
INSENSITIVE, LOIS
BUT I JUST DON'T SEE WHY WE GOT
TO CANCEL OUR CRUISE
JUST 'CAUSE THE
DOG'S A COKEHEAD.
WE'RE NOT GOING ON VACATION
WHILE BRIAN'S IN REHAB.
WE'LL JUST HAVE TO WAIT
TILL NEXT YEAR.
OH, MAN.
I'LL MAKE IT UP TO YOU.
I HAVE A COUSIN
WHO WORKS AT CLUB MED.
♪♪ ME MIND ON FIRE ♪♪
♪♪ ME SOUL ON FIRE ♪♪
♪♪ FEELING HOT, HOT, HOT... ♪♪
HOLY CRAP! LOOK
AT THIS PLACE!
THIS IS WHERE GOD WOULD COME
IF HE HAD TO STOP DOING BLOW.
THEY HAVE TENNIS COURTS!
AND A FULL SPA!
WOW! NO WONDER PEOPLE DO DRUGS.
GOOD LUCK, BRIAN. I JUST KNOW
YOU'RE GOING TO GET CLEAN.
HEH-- IT SHOULDN'T BE
TOO HARD TO GET CLEAN
WITH ALL THESE
MINERAL BATHS AND JACUZZIS.
( all laughing )
OH, I SEE,
THE FAT MAN MAKES A PUN
AND EVERYONE WETS THEMSELVES.
I GIVE YOU GOLD AND I GET SQUAT.
I'LL BE IN THE CAR.
THAT WAS A VERY PRODUCTIVE
FIRST DAY, BRAIN.
OUR GOAL HERE
IS TO FIND YOUR "X" FACTOR--
THE ELEMENT IN YOUR LIFE
THAT MADE YOU TURN TO DRUGS
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WELL, JUST HAVING
SOME TIME AWAY
TO SORT THINGS OUT
IS GOING TO DO WONDERS.
THANKS, DOCTOR.
WHAT... WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'M ON VACATION
AND OH, IF ANYONE ASKS,
I'M ALSO ON SMACK.
PETER, THIS... THIS
IS A DETOX CLINIC.
YOU CAN'T VACATION HERE.
WHY NOT? THIS PLACE
IS WAY BETTER THAN A CRUISE.
YOU SHOULD'VE SEEN IT.
I WHIPPED THIS SPEED FREAK'S ASS
AT HORSESHOES TODAY.
PETER, THIS ISN'T
A VACATION FOR ME.
FOR GOD'S SAKE,
I'M TRYING TO GET HEALTHY.
YEAH, OKAY, OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
HEY, SOFTBALL THIS AFTERNOON.
BUNCH OF US ADDICTS
ARE TAKING ON
THE PREGNANT TEENAGERS
FROM ACROSS THE LAKE.
OKAY, COME ON, EVERYONE
EXERCISE IS AN IMPORTANT PART
OF RECOVERY.
JUST WORK WITH THE RESISTANCE
OF THE WATER.
TEN MORE REPS.
OKAY, AND ONE, AND TWO,
AND THREE.
( all gasping )
OH!
YEAH! I'M ALSO ADDICTED
TO BOOBIES.
( goofy laughter )
TRADE YOU THIS
FOR YOUR CUPCAKE.
WHAT? IT WAS JUST CARPET FRESH.
I'M ON YOUR SIDE.
I'M BEEN OBSERVING
YOUR BEHAVIOR
AND I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE AN ADDICT.
I THINK YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
WELL, I DON'T PAY YOU
TO THINK, HOT LIPS.
IN FACT, I DON'T
PAY YOU AT ALL.
COUNT IT.
I'LL BE KEEPING MY EYE ON YOU.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
UH, MY-MY NAME?
UH...
UH, UH... "P..."
UH, UH...
UH... TEAR...
UH...
( screeching )
Peter:
UH... GRIFFIN.
YEAH, YEAH,
PETER GRIFFIN.
AW, CRAP.
HEY, BRIAN,
I WAS LOOKING FOR YOU.
HEY, YOU WANT TO GO MESS
WITH THE PREGNANT TEENS
ACROSS THE LAKE?
I-I CAN'T.
GROUP THERAPY, 2:00.
OH, MAN,
I PEEKED IN ON ONE OF THOSE.
IT WAS MORE BORING
THAN WHEN I WAS
A SECURITY GUARD
FOR GEORGE HARRISON.
( singing along with TV)
♪♪ CHARLES IN CHARGE
OF OUR DAYS AND OUR NIGHTS ♪♪
♪♪ CHARLES IN CHARGE ♪♪
♪♪ OF OUR WRONGS
AND OUR RIGHTS ♪♪
( glass breaking )
♪♪ AND I SAY, I WANT CHARLES
IN CHARGE... ♪♪
( punches landing )
HEY! HEY!
QUIET DOWN UP THERE!
YOU WACKY BEATLE.
WELL, I-I... I HAVE BEEN MAKING A LOT
OF PROGRESS LATELY.
I GUESS MISSING ONE SESSION WOULDN'T BE
THE END OF THE WORLD.
THERE YOU GO.
Peter: HEY, WHAT DO YOU THINK
THEY PUT IN THE BUG JUICE?
Brian:
BUGS.
Peter:
NO, THEY DON'T. COME ON.
SHUT UP.
( girls screaming )
( loud popping sounds )
( babies crying )
I HOPE YOU'RE PROUD
OF YOURSELVES--
14 PREMATURE BIRTHS.
SORRY, DOC,
I DON'T USUALLY LET PETER
TALK ME INTO
THIS KIND OF STUFF.
WAIT A MINUTE.
BRAIN, YOU HAVE
A PREEXISTING RELATIONSHIP
WITH THIS DEGENERATE?
A DEGENERATE, AM I?
WELL, YOU ARE
A FASTIZIO.
SEE? I CAN MAKE UP
WORDS, TOO, SISTER.
WELL, I THINK WE'VE FOUND
YOUR "X" FACTOR.
WHAT, DO YOU MEAN PETER?
HIS BEHAVIOR IS CLEARLY
A NEGATIVE INFLUENCE ON YOU
AND WITH YOUR INTELLIGENCE
AND SENSITIVITY...
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
HEY, I MADE MY OWN MISTAKES, ALL RIGHT?
THIS MAN TOOK ME INTO HIS HOME
AND HE TREATED ME LIKE FAMILY.
HE'S MY BEST FRIEND.
YES, AND LOOK WHERE
YOU'VE ENDED UP.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I THINK
MY THERAPY HERE IS COMPLETE.
I CAME HERE TO GET CLEAN
AND I DID, SO GOOD-BYE.
BRIAN, IT'S MOMENTS LIKE THIS
THAT MAKE ME SAD YOU'RE GOING
TO DIE 50 YEARS BEFORE I DO.
♪♪ HE WAS ALL COKED UP ♪♪
♪♪ AND WE WERE CHOKED UP ♪♪
♪♪ BUT NOW
OUR HAPPY BRIAN'S HOME ♪♪
♪♪ CHA-CHA-CHA! ♪♪
I AM SERIOUS, LOIS,
YOU COULD BE IN SHOW BUSINESS.
HEY, MEG, 18 YET?
NO.
HEY, CHRIS, HOW ARE YOU?
WELL, I'M GLAD...
ALL RIGHT.
BRIAN, I FEEL
A LITTLE GUILTY.
IF IT WASN'T FOR ME, YOU WOULDN'T
HAVE BEEN EXPOSED TO THAT JUNK.
HEY, JOE, IF I'VE LEARNED
ANYTHING FROM MY EXPERIENCE
IT'S THAT WE'RE ALL RESPONSIBLE
FOR OUR OWN DESTINY
AND THAT'S WHY I'M LEAVING.
LEAVING? YOU CAN'T LEAVE.
I HAVE TO, PETER, FOR ME.
I LOVE YOU ALL.
SOMEBODY SAY
SOMETHING.
BRAIN, WAIT!
HOLD-HOLD ON A SECOND.
AIRPORT, PLEASE.